# ZKU Background Application Assignment
1. **What is a hash? Why do people use hashing to hide information?**
a hash is the output of a deterministic, one-way mapping of data to some fixed size format. Hashing is used to hide information in a manner that is irreversible and as such it is computationally infeasible to compute the original hashed data.
2. **What is a smart contract?**
Smart contracts are programs stored on a blockchain that allow for trustless execution of agreed contracts through automated computer programs that because are on the blockchain, are verifiable by anyone.
3. **What are gas fees? Why is gas optimization a big focus when building smart contracts?**
Gas fees are payments made by the users of a blockchain to compensate the network for validation of transactions which requires computational energy.
4. **You have the ability to quickly count the number of leaves in a tree. How can you prove this to a friend, without revealing the exact number of leaves?**
Ask the friend to either choose to remove a leaf from the tree or not. Then, once the friend has made their decision, we are able to prove our ability to quickly count the number of leaves by telling them whether they removed a leaf or not. This is possible by counting the leaves to see if they did indeed remove a leaf or not as the number of leaves will either remain the same if they did not, or is reduced by one if they did. As we are simply stating whether they removed a leaf or not, no information about the number of leaves is conveyed and therefore it is a zero knowledge proof.
5. **How are smart contracts deployed? List the necessary steps.**
Firstly, a number of prerequisites exist. First, contract deployment requires ETH. Second, the bytecode of the contract is required and is generated through contract compilation. Finally, access to an Ethereum node is required. As for the steps required, the specifics depend on which development environment is being used. However, whether Hardhat or Truffle is used, deployment scripts are used to handle deployments of contracts and in some cases provide extra functionality to extend and modify previous deployments of a contract
6. **Write an escrowing smart contract for value transfer in a trade**
The updated Purchase.sol can be found in question6/Purchase.sol. Call by seller reverts before time has elapsed screenshot can be found in question6/reverted.png. Similarly, Call by seller succeeds after time has elapsed can be found in question6/success.png. Time of deployment is visible in both screenshots.
7. **Is the new design better than having separate confirmReceived and refundSeller? Why or why not?**
The new design improves upon the original implementation by simplifying state management. As we are now able to merge seller refunds and receive confirmations, it removes the need for the “Release” state as both seller refunds and item received happen at once. Secondly, by moving both functions into one it simplifies the process and makes the code more readable. With this simplification comes gas fee reductions with the original contract having deployment gas of: 734856 gas, whereas the modified version has deployment gas of: 724154 gas.

However, one consideration is the usage of the 5 minute elapsed time from which the seller is then able to complete the purchase. In this scenario the seller can wait 5 minutes from the purchase completion, not send the item and then complete the purchase to receive the locked ether. Therefore, in this scenario the buyer has much less protection than the original implementation as the seller can simply confirm that the buyer received the item after 5 minutes whether they actually did or not. 
8. **Comprehend a simple Hello World circuit**
The updated (commented and input signal changed with inputs in1=1, in2=77) main.circom can be found in question8/main.circum. The screenshot of the commented circuit and results can be found in question8/screenshot.png
